[docs] Document `VERSION` (#27178)
microsoft/vcpkg: docs/maintainers/vcpkg_common_definitions.md

This file defines the following variables which are commonly needed or used in portfiles:

```cmake
PORT                                     The name of the port that is currently build

> VERSION                                  The version of the port that is currently build

Reviewer: hmm these are not set by `vcpkg_common_definitions` maybe we need an extra paragraph for variables set by `vcpkg-tool` or `port.cmake`

Author: But it is relevant for the end user where these variables are defined? And having one list of available variables is easier to lookup than having multiple lists

Reviewer 2: I think PORT can be added here, but VERSION looks more like a temporary variable, so it might not be the right place to add it.
I simply tested it by adding to the clipp:
```
message("----PORT=${PORT}-----")
message("----VERSION=${VERSION}-----")
```
then I got below result:
```
----PORT=clipp-----
----VERSION=-----
```
I'm not sure I understand correctly what VERSION stands for.

Reviewer: @Cheney-W : tag: `requires-tool-update`.

Reviewer 2: Why? As far as the current modification is concerned, it has nothing to do with the tool update.

Reviewer: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg-tool/pull/717 was merged 1 day ago. Was there a tool update since then?

Reviewer: and the correct tag is `requires:vcpkg-tool-release`

Author: @Cheney-W See https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg-tool/pull/717

Reviewer 3: I think this is a good place to document `VERSION`.

> PORT                                     The name of the port that is currently build
> VERSION                                  The version of the port that is currently build

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
PORT                                     The name of the port that is currently being built
VERSION                                  The version of the port that is currently being built
```
